ROOT set up in environment command (#5)
vepadulano/build-root-recipe: README.md

$: python launch_build.py -m relwithdebinfo
$: python launch_build.py -n mybuild -c="-Dminimal=ON -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=RelWithDebInfo"
```
## Setting up ROOT in your environment

> To set up ROOT in the environment use the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the CMake build has finished without errors, you can set up your environment to use the ROOT installation you just created via the following command:
```
